README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com/Aliucord/Aliucord">Aliucord</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/aliucord/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/aliucord?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/aliucord/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/aliucord?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/aliucord/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/aliucord?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/catppuccin/Aliucord/blob/main/discord-mobile-prev.png"/>
</p>

## Usage

### Method 1 (Downloading the file directly)
1. Clone this repository locally
2. Copy the `Catppuccin.json` to Aliucord/themes
3. Open Aliucord settings
4. Open Themer plugin settings
4. Enable the theme!

### Method 2(Via the App itself)
1. Join Aliucord Server and go to #themes
2. Search for Catppuccin port by GNU/Mirage#3455(or click on this [link](https://discord.com/channels/811255666990907402/824357609778708580/950417159585165389))
4. Long press the message and press on install the theme
5. Go to theme settings and enable the theme.

## 🙋 FAQ 

- Q: **_"Can this get my account banned?"_**
- A: Using third party clients and injecting custom css is against the ToS. We are not responsible for anything that might happen to your account by using third party clients. Use at your own discretion!

## 💝 Thanks to

- [Skinatro](https://github.com/skinatro)
- [lemon](https://github.com/andreasgrafen)
- [WitherCubes](https://github.com/WitherCubes) <br>
and everyone else who made the discord pc port

&nbsp;

<p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" /></p>
<p align="center">Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a></p>

Commit message:

feat!: port to 0.2.0
Method 2 links will be working soonish™.

And thanks winston for the help!

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com/Aliucord/Aliucord">Aliucord</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/aliucord/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/aliucord?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/aliucord/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/aliucord?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/aliucord/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/aliucord?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/Aliucord/main/assets/preview.png"/>
</p>

## Usage

### Method 1 (Downloading the file directly)
1. Clone this repository locally
2. Copy the `flavour.json` to Aliucord/themes
3. Open Aliucord settings
4. Open Themer plugin settings
5. Enable the theme!

### Method 2(Via the App itself)
1. Join the [Aliucord Server](https://discord.com/invite/EsNDvBaHVU)
2. Click one of these links for your desired flavour! ([Latte](https://discord.com/channels/811255666990907402/824357609778708580/950417159585165389)) ([Frappe](https://discord.com/channels/811255666990907402/824357609778708580/950417159585165389)) ([Macchiato](https://discord.com/channels/811255666990907402/824357609778708580/950417159585165389)) ([Mocha](https://discord.com/channels/811255666990907402/824357609778708580/950417159585165389))
4. Long press the message and press on install the theme
5. Open Aliucord settings
6. Open Themer plugin settings
7. Enable the theme!

## 🙋 FAQ 

- Q: **_"Can this get my account banned?"_**
- A: Using third party clients and injecting custom css is against the ToS. We are not responsible for anything that might happen to your account by using third party clients. Use at your own discretion!

## 💝 Thanks to

- [Skinatro](https://github.com/skinatro)
- [lemon](https://github.com/andreasgrafen)
- [Isabelinc](https://github.com/Isabelincorp)
- [WitherCubes](https://github.com/WitherCubes) <br>
and everyone else who made the discord pc port

&nbsp;

<p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" /></p>
<p align="center">Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a></p>
